README.md, before:

# Pony models test scene for Godot 3

A nice-looking 3D demo for Godot 3, featuring the most important pastel horses ever.

![TODO](https://archive.hugo.pro/.public/godot-mlp-models/godot-mlp-models_1.jpg)
![TODO](https://archive.hugo.pro/.public/godot-mlp-models/godot-mlp-models_2.jpg)

## Try it out

***Note:** The demo is currently very demanding on the hardware and will probably
run slowly, especially at larger resolutions.*

### Installation

Clone the Git repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Calinou/godot-mlp-models.git
```

You can also
[download a ZIP archive](https://github.com/Calinou/godot-mlp-models/archive/master.zip)
if you do not have Git installed.

**You need Godot 3.0 or newer to run this demo.**

Once you have the project files, open the Godot Project Manager, click the
**Import** button, then select the `project.godot` file of this project.
Confirm importing, then edit the project (so that the resources are imported
by the editor). Exit the editor (go back to the project manager), then run
the project. This is to make sure the editor does not render the demo in
the background, which would slow down the running project a lot.

### Controls

- <kbd>W/S/A/D</kbd>: Move forwards/backwards/left/right
- <kbd>Space</kbd>: Move upwards
- <kbd>Left Shift</kbd>: Move downwards
- <kbd>Right Mouse Button</kbd>: Speed modifier (effective when held)
- <kbd>Mouse Wheel</kbd>: Change movement speed (always effective)
- <kbd>Escape</kbd>: Toggle menu
- <kbd>F1</kbd>: Toggle FPS display
- <kbd>F3</kbd>: Toggle frame time graph
- <kbd>F10</kbd>: Toggle mouse capture
- <kbd>F11</kbd> or <kbd>Alt + Enter</kbd>: Toggle fullscreen

## License

Copyright © 2017-2020 Hugo Locurcio and contributors

- Unless otherwise specified, files in this repository are licensed under the
MIT license, see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for more information.
- The [Inter UI](https://rsms.me/inter/) font is licensed under
  the SIL OFL 1.1, see [fonts/LICENSE.txt](fonts/LICENSE.txt) for more information.
- [Costache's Gmod ponies](https://www.blendswap.com/blends/view/70960)
  are licensed under CC BY 3.0 Unported, see [models/LICENSE.md](models/LICENSE.md)
  for more information.

### Disclaimer

This project is not endorsed by or affiliated with Hasbro.

Commit message:

Point to `4.0-dev` branch in the README

README.md, after:

# Pony models test scene for Godot 3

A nice-looking 3D demo for Godot 3, featuring the most important pastel horses ever.

![TODO](https://archive.hugo.pro/.public/godot-mlp-models/godot-mlp-models_1.jpg)
![TODO](https://archive.hugo.pro/.public/godot-mlp-models/godot-mlp-models_2.jpg)

**Looking for a Godot 4 version of this demo?** See the [`4.0-dev` branch](https://github.com/Calinou/godot-mlp-models/tree/4.0-dev).

## Try it out

***Note:** The demo is currently very demanding on the hardware and will probably
run slowly, especially at larger resolutions.*

### Installation

Clone the Git repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Calinou/godot-mlp-models.git
```

You can also
[download a ZIP archive](https://github.com/Calinou/godot-mlp-models/archive/master.zip)
if you do not have Git installed.

**You need Godot 3.0 or newer to run this demo.**

Once you have the project files, open the Godot Project Manager, click the
**Import** button, then select the `project.godot` file of this project.
Confirm importing, then edit the project (so that the resources are imported
by the editor). Exit the editor (go back to the project manager), then run
the project. This is to make sure the editor does not render the demo in
the background, which would slow down the running project a lot.

### Controls

- <kbd>W/S/A/D</kbd>: Move forwards/backwards/left/right
- <kbd>Space</kbd>: Move upwards
- <kbd>Left Shift</kbd>: Move downwards
- <kbd>Right Mouse Button</kbd>: Speed modifier (effective when held)
- <kbd>Mouse Wheel</kbd>: Change movement speed (always effective)
- <kbd>Escape</kbd>: Toggle menu
- <kbd>F1</kbd>: Toggle FPS display
- <kbd>F3</kbd>: Toggle frame time graph
- <kbd>F10</kbd>: Toggle mouse capture
- <kbd>F11</kbd> or <kbd>Alt + Enter</kbd>: Toggle fullscreen

## License

Copyright © 2017-2020 Hugo Locurcio and contributors

- Unless otherwise specified, files in this repository are licensed under the
MIT license, see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for more information.
- The [Inter UI](https://rsms.me/inter/) font is licensed under
  the SIL OFL 1.1, see [fonts/LICENSE.txt](fonts/LICENSE.txt) for more information.
- [Costache's Gmod ponies](https://www.blendswap.com/blends/view/70960)
  are licensed under CC BY 3.0 Unported, see [models/LICENSE.md](models/LICENSE.md)
  for more information.

### Disclaimer

This project is not endorsed by or affiliated with Hasbro.
